A Non verbal learning disorder called, "a heart full of something like love or lust."
Lying to myself, like that's what I'm paid to do- but I'm not. 
Lying to myself in the form of you- weighed out,
Picking up the scraps- 
That are left around on the floor 
On the ground, 
That undulate and writhe when not put to good use. That cry out for purpose- for meaning. 
Carelessly forgotten about-
The places that you live inside will only keep you for so long- 
The places that you love inside will only hold you for a little bit of time. 
Breaking into the skin of another- 
Silent thief in the streets, 
Grave robber, waiting for bones to get ahold of, 
You saw me weightless- like ashes from a volcano. 
I like the magic, the mystery- most of all I like it when you say you are not afraid. 
Of me. 
You are so lovely and there is just so much of me, 
That I will soon move toward you like a rogue Galaxy- slowly ripping you apart piece by piece, 
by the insides and it will be nothing short of beautiful and catastrophic at the apex- until we are nothing but broken, hollowed shells. Tell me again how my sex is a celebration? 
I know that one day you will want me again, 
Consumed- and you will spiral into me
Every lover that you are- is laying behind another, sunken head. 
There is a time, and a place- but I have not found one. Living outside what constitutes as quantifiable. Just like you. And you. And you. 
Here now, gone tomorrow- 
Wait- late night, at the park- to crave love 
- that's what I did 
And I'm impressed with more than just how you are dressed. 
You can't go out of your way like that- when all you really want is love
Laying on benches- that are better than beds, to find in the dark, things that are not whole in the light. 
A late night snack- to get the taste of cum from my breath- the way you taste must leave me- 
I will be left alone with my bones, 
When the love runs out from my lips- when each hand rubs down from my legs 
My soul knows a lot more than I do 
Let people have what they have; until they have no more 
And fill them up with all you have; until you have no more 
In the end, 
What I do not know is much more important that what I do- 
Who I find myself picturing, while holding you. 
